<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Programming Environment</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="_static/epub.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head><body>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="programming-environment">
<h1>Programming Environment</h1>
<p>Making your environment optimized to deal with large projects such as Beamon is necessary to ensure low-cost
maintenance.</p>
<div class="section" id="python-environment">
<h2>Python Environment</h2>
<p>Windows users should install the Anaconda environment.</p>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="admonition-title">Note</p>
<p>All packages should be installed via pip and not from conda.</p>
</div>
<p>Some anaconda packages are not up to date with the latest releases and will cause compatibility problems.
Nevertheless using Anaconda has proven to be most efficient.</p>
<p>Please Install Anaconda from the <a class="reference external" href="https://www.anaconda.com/">official website</a><span class="link-target"> [https://www.anaconda.com/]</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section" id="ide">
<h2>IDE</h2>
<p>The most convenient IDE for projects like Beamon is PyCharm, especially PyCharm Professional.</p>
<p>Please Install PyCharm from the <a class="reference external" href="https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/">official website</a><span class="link-target"> [https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/]</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section" id="project-requirements">
<h2>Project Requirements</h2>
<p>“Package requirements” are the <strong>absolute minimum</strong> of python packages that are required to perform <strong>all</strong>
operation in the project.</p>
<p>All required packages are in <em>requirements.txt</em> file and can be installed via pip using the command:</p>
<div class="highlight-default notranslate"><div class="highlight"><pre><span></span><span class="n">pip</span> <span class="n">install</span> <span class="o">-</span><span class="n">r</span> <span class="n">requirements</span><span class="o">.</span><span class="n">txt</span>
</pre></div>
</div>
<p>or using the command:</p>
<div class="highlight-default notranslate"><div class="highlight"><pre><span></span><span class="n">make</span> <span class="n">install_requirements</span>
</pre></div>
</div>
<p>on your environment console.</p>
<p>For windows users, <strong>pywin32</strong>, which will be used to build Windows executables, will be required in addition
to <em>requirements.txt</em> packages.</p>
<div class="admonition warning">
<p class="admonition-title">Warning</p>
<p>Package requirements should be updated regularly to guarantee that latest package releases work.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>


            <div class="clearer"></div>
          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>